Documentation (and other) updates for 3.29.0 (#1194)
datastax/python-driver: CHANGELOG.rst

3.29.0
======
December 19, 2023

Features
--------
* Add support for Python 3.9 through 3.12, drop support for 3.7 (PYTHON-1283)
* Removal of dependency on six module (PR 1172)

> * Raise explicit exception when we try to deserialize a vector with a subtype that isn’t constant size (PYTHON-1371)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Raise explicit exception when deserializing a vector with a subtype that isn’t a constant size (PYTHON-1371)
```

Others
------
* Remove outdated Python pre-3.7 references (PR 1186)

> * Removed backup(.bak) files (PR 1185)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove backup(.bak) files (PR 1185)
```
